>>Christine Arena has
been a managing director
and strategic director
in the business world,
as well as co-founding
a variety of businesses.
As she observed the various
corporate strategies,
she began to see an
interesting picture emerge.
Companies that had core values
reflecting a win-win regarding
profits, people,
and the environment
seemed to perform best.
She followed up this
observation by interviewing
company CEOs committed to
high purpose business, which
became the framework for
her book Cause For Success.
In this interview she
talks about the road
to becoming a high
purpose company
and how we, the consumer,
can prompt industry
toward this direction.
>>What inspired you to
put Cause For Success
together and analyze
these different business
models of conscious
business practice?
>>It sounds like an
oxymoron to a lot
of people, conscious business.
I was working for 13
years for corporations,
trying to help them
determine what people needed,
to help them better market
their products or services,
as the case may be.
And I think after
a while of trying
to unearth these very
superficial needs that people
had, like the need to be desired
or the need to feel powerful,
I sort of thought, you know,
what about the companies that
are out there serving really
fundamental human needs,
like the need to
stop global warming
or find a cure for cancer
or stop the poverty problem?
And the truth is there are a
lot of companies out there doing
that, so I thought I
wanted to write about them.
>>So let's begin
at the beginning
then and talk about
a couple of examples
that you were particularly
inspired by that you feature
in the Cause For Success.
>>Well, I think the most
notable example in the book,
there are several, but British
Petroleum is certainly one, BP.
And that's a company that's
hugely controversial.
And actually, I've been
criticized for putting them
in the book because
people think,
well, this is an oil giant.
I mean, this is a company that
releases 80.5 million tons
of CO2 into the
atmosphere every year.
They reported 20 fatalities
among their work force
and contractors last year
for on the job accidents.
So they're not a perfect
company with a perfect record.
But they were the
first oil giant
to admit, when
nobody else would,
that global warming was
a real and serious threat
and that it was incumbent upon
every company in its category
to do something about it.
Well now, today, I
mean, the company
has reduced its CO2
emissions by 10%.
It's become the world's leading
provider of cleaner burning
fuels.
It's the second largest producer
of solar panels on the world.
And now, every other oil
giant is following BP's lead.
So in a sense, even though
it's not a perfect company,
it's certainly a
leader in this area.
And I think that that's
a distinction that
needs to be made.
You know what it is?
I've found that there is
a new form of success,
and that form of success
is not about perfection.
It's about the
pursuit of perfection.
It's about a continual cycle
of really tough self-evaluation
and continual self-improvement.
And companies like BP, Hewlett
Packard, The Body Shop,
Stonyfield Farm, the
Grameen Bank, the companies
that I feature in this book are
all engaged in that process.
And so it really requires
companies to look themselves
in the mirror and
assess the real impact
the whole of their
business activities
have on the rest of the world.
And it requires
companies to answer
a really difficult
question, which
is, are we fundamentally helping
people or harming people?
I mean, at the end
of the day, that's
the question that should be
asked by every business leader.
>>We didn't say
this right up front,
which should have been said,
which is Cause For Success is
about companies who put
their profits second
and their purpose--
And you call this high purpose.
--first and ended up coming
in first financially.
>>They did.
They came in first and
surpassed their competitors
in the marketplace by putting
a social problem first.
And high purpose
companies are unique.
They're a unique breed
because the litmus test is,
if you removed the company's
higher purpose or its cause,
its crusade, whether
it's a social crusade
or an environmental
crusade, would the company
continue to compete
as efficiently?
For high purpose companies,
the answer is no.
If you took the green
aspect away from BP,
I asked Lord John Brown,
the group chief executive
of that company what would
happen if we did that.
And he said, we would
no longer be BP.
I mean our whole
growth strategy,
our distinction
in the marketplace
is contingent upon our
ability to progress
in a social and
environmentally friendly way.
So it's really core
to the company.
And that's true for a lot more
companies than people think.
People really think that
corporations are evil,
especially big corporations.
But you know, I have to say that
that's becoming less and less
true because society's
putting a lot of pressure
on companies to act better.
>>Before we get into other
specific companies and what
inspired them and what the
net effect ended up becoming,
how can companies at
this point in time--
Everybody in the oil
industry certainly
has to know what BP is up to
and how it has benefited them.
--what do you think the
major points of resistance
are to other companies following
suit at this time, then?
>>You know, it's like what is
the major point of resistance
to any form of human progress?
It's fear.
And in some cases,
it's laziness.
But fear is a big one.
And I'll use an example,
a controversial example.
Walmart is an
interesting company
because it's always in the news.
It's constantly being criticized
for its negative impact
on society, for its
treatment of employees,
for its contribution to the
outsourcing of American jobs
and an array of problems.
It's also responsible
for some great things.
Realistically, it
employs 10 million people
around the world.
But what's really interesting
is that that company just
waged a very expensive
advertising campaign designed
to refute all of the
controversy against it.
Anyone who's spoken
out against Walmart
in the last couple
of years, and granted
there are a lot of people.
There are 5,000
outstanding lawsuits
against the company
at this time.
The company characterized
those assaults
as urban myths, urban legends.
So they really kind
of brushed over
a lot of those sometimes
substantive comments
and criticisms.
Now, that's very different
if you put that example
head to head with the Gap.
That's another company that's
topped anti-sweatshop activists
lists for 20 years
practically, 10 years at least.
That company just released
a really scathing report
about itself.
It admitted that there
were human rights problems.
There were labor problems.
There were unfair competition
problems or issues
in its factories
that were negative.
And instead of hiding
that and pretending
like it was complying with
the law, which it was--
It was not breaking the law.
--it opened up a can of worms.
And it invited people
to go, wait a minute.
You can't do that.
So they have to progress.
Now, those are two
very different examples
of a company that's willing
to look itself in the mirror
and admit, we're not
perfect, and we're
going to be honest about this,
and a company that stonewalls
and does the very opposite.
Now, one is on a high
purpose path, and one is not.
>>And in reality, isn't there
a positive psychological impact
when a company is
willing to admit
the error of their
ways, their sins?
Doesn't everybody love a
repentant sinner in life?
>>They do.
That is a very sexy story,
the idea of rebirth,
of rejuvenation, of waking
up and seeing the light, so
to speak, and then
acting in accordance
with this new perspective,
this new worldview.
That's a very powerful story.
It can rejuvenate a brand.
It can rejuvenate employees'
loyalty, better workforce.
It can certainly win
customer affinity,
and help a company
to better compete.
So it's actually a
very positive process.
>>Let's go into some specific
examples of companies
that have taken a good
long look at themselves,
and they've confessed, and they
have changed policy procedure,
whatever, and then look
at where it's taken them.
>>Well, a really great
example is a smaller company
called Green Mountain
Coffee Roasters.
Green Mountain Coffee Roasters
is based in New England.
They're actually an incredibly
fast-- They're a company that's
growing very quickly, growing
at a rate of about 16%
a year because,
about 17 years ago,
the CEO of that company,
Bob Stiller, decided, gee,
we're a gourmet coffee company.
I'm going to go visit the
coffee plantations in Guatemala
and Mexico that
supply our beans.
So he did.
He got in a plane.
He went to visit some
of the plantations
where his coffee beans
were being supplied.
Sorry, I can't speak today.
And he told me he was shocked
at the level of poverty
and devastation.
He actually got
very emotional when
he was describing this scenario.
He's like, people
do not realize there
were people were starving.
There were children that
were clearly uneducated,
unable to be educated,
and not receiving
any sort of healthcare.
People were living
in the streets.
These people, their
culture, their society,
their socioeconomic
structure has deteriorated
because they've
been growing coffee
for centuries, literally.
And many American and
European coffee companies
refuse to pay them a fair
price for their beans.
So what it costs them to produce
coffee is not even paid for.
The price the market's
willing to bear
does not exceed
the price of labor.
So that is causing major
deterioration and catastrophe.
There are millions of people
affected by this problem.
So Bob got back on a plane,
went back to his home base
and told everyone, and
dedicated his company
to being a leader in
what's called fair trade.
The fair trade movement
in the United States,
very progressive.
Consumers should get involved.
It really-- it's about
companies standing up and going,
we're going to pay people a fair
price because this is connected
to so many problems,
human rights
problems, political problems.
Bob Stiller told me it's
connected to world peace.
So this is a huge problem.
Well, since he's done that, his
coffee quality has increased.
His employees have become
much more loyal and happy,
as have his consumers.
And that is one of the
world's fastest growing,
well, the nation's fastest
growing coffee companies.
Like I said, they're
growing at about 16% a year.
That's extremely fast.
>>And they're inspiring
change within the industry
for the other coffee
providers as well.
>>I mean, absolutely.
>>Doesn't Starbucks even
have fair trade blends?
>>Sure, now Starbucks and
Dunkin' Donuts and Procter
and Gamble's brands
are looking into it.
So I think there's movement.
But they embraced this.
Bob Stiller and
Green Mountain Coffee
embraced fair
trade 16 years ago.
That's a long time ago.
That's before it was en vogue.
That's before anybody
else was doing it.
And everyone looked at them
and went, you're crazy!
What are you talking about?
Why do you care?
And how can you
make as much money?
But he really believed
that he could,
and he's actually proven
all the critics wrong.
>>And I've met him.
I'm very impressed with
him as a human being.
And it was a person that
made these changes coming
from heart.
And this heart element seems
to be a big piece that's
been missing in the
corporate world.
>>It really is.
>>Could it be coming more
toward the forefront now?
>>I certainly have never--
I was flabbergasted, surprised
to talk to people, CEOs
or chairmen, like Ray Anderson,
the chairman of Interface
or Bob Stiller or Anita
Roddick from the Body Shop,
or I mean even Lord
John Brown or Debra
Dunn from Hewlett
Packard, these people
had a level of fire and
passion about this and heart.
And they expressed that
sort of moral intelligence
and harnessed that in terms
of the way they led companies.
It's a new brand of leadership.
And it's absolutely
changing categories.
It's changing the quality of
life for millions of people.
>>It doesn't have
to be the greatest
fear of their
board of directors.
>>No, in fact their board
of directors are thrilled.
I talked to shareholders
from these companies.
They couldn't be happier
with the results.
So there you have it.
>>Well, let's talk about some
more specifics, such as how
about The Body Shop?
This is a company most
everybody's familiar with.
>>This is another
company that I got
sort of criticized
for including.
The Body Shop is a
controversial company.
And the reason
they're controversial
is that people criticize them
of not putting their money where
their mouth is.
And the reason
they're criticized
for not putting their
money where their mouth is
is because when Anita
Roddick founded that company,
she decided to make it a
model for corporate justice.
So what she did,
instead of just creating
a company that behaves well, was
put pressure on other companies
to behave well.
And let me tell you, she made
a lot of enemies by doing that.
She would go into
Nigeria and protest
the actions of oil and chemical
companies that were operating,
based on human rights and
environmental violations
and sins against humanity.
She really made those
violations known to the public
at a time when people
weren't really watching
what corporations were doing
in the third world countries
and developing
nations they entered.
They weren't really watching.
These companies don't
have the obligation
to report to shareholders
and the public
what they're doing
in these countries.
So she became very unpopular.
She made a lot of
friends in high places,
but made a lot of
enemies in high places.
Since then, the company
had some difficulty,
in the sense that it promised
to do a lot of things.
Then it went public,
and it had difficulty
delivering on some
of those promises.
However, it succeeded in
delivering on many others.
And so I focused on what
they've succeeded in doing.
They've literally freed
prisoners of conscience.
They've helped several prisoners
escape death sentences.
These were prisoners that were
being held in developing areas
for protesting against corporate
activities in those areas.
So it's incredible.
So they've done a great deal
for the human rights cause.
They've activated two
million people actually
through a human rights
campaign they did.
And so it's incredible.
So they've had a huge reach.
They've also really changed
the law on animal testing
in the UK.
They've also done a great
deal for women's rights.
They've also done a great deal
for a host of other issues.
Domestic violence
is something they're
very focused on right now.
So this is a company that
has done tremendous things.
But those tremendous
things have been
overshadowed by controversy.
So it was my objective
to go in and go, uhuh.
We're not hearing
the whole story.
What we hear is, oh, The Body
Shop, they're controversial.
Stay away from them.
They don't walk their talk.
Well, actually there's
evidence that they do.
There's a great deal of
And so I wanted to tell their
story, and I'm glad I did.
>>What was her original
mission statement?
>>Her mission was to, I
think, just sort of turn
the beauty industry on its
head is what she told me.
She just wanted to absolutely
be the antithesis of how
other cosmetics giants operated.
She just thought,
this is ridiculous.
Women are being--
I mean she just saw so
many flaws with the system.
And I think she's a
great classic example
of an entrepreneur
who is socially minded
and decides to set up and
almost create a counterculture.
>>Yet still recognizing
that the beauty industry
is not going to go away.
We have these essential
human desires and needs,
and still in essence
playing to that.
>>That's right.
And they've been
criticized for that too.
Some critics go, well, why are
you promoting female perfection
and beauty and
physical perfection
if you are actually so soulful?
Well, the reality is that
beauty is an element of life,
and it's an aesthetic that
most people appreciate
and something that most
women want to feel.
And what is wrong with
catering to that need?
Just like what is wrong with
BP delivering energy sources
that people desire?
What would people do if we
didn't have petroleum resources
right now?
You wouldn't be here
because you wouldn't
have been able to get on
the plane or in your car.
Literally, there
would be no lights.
We would have major problems.
So our lives would be
drastically different.
So in every case and
with every industry,
it is really about
gradual progress.
But it is about the progress.
The progress part
has to be emphasized
because really
business has to change.
>>And then, the
other corporations
that might be teetering
need the inspiration.
They need to see
the success maybe
by others who have led the way.
>>Absolutely.
I mean, the reason I wrote this
book was to nudge fence-sitters
and activate the converted.
It was not to convert
the disbelievers.
My next book is
going to do that.
I'm going to talk
to people who don't
believe in this whole thing
and prove, statistically,
why it works.
But this book was designed
to activate the converted.
So the people who already
believe, who think, I
think that this is really
a worthwhile movement,
but I'm not quite sure
what to do about it or how.
Or to nudge the fence-sitters,
who are kind of going, well,
I think so, but
maybe not, I wanted
to push those
people into action.
And that's why,
frankly, I got to talk
to a lot of these
corporate leaders
because they wanted to
share their opinions,
their strategies.
They gave me, in some
cases, their business plans,
confidential,
strategic documents.
And they enabled
me, they allowed
me to print those
things because they
want other companies to
follow in their footsteps.
>>Let's talk about
Stonyfield Farms.
>>I love that company.
It's my favorite yogurt.
Stonyfield Farms is a
terrific yogurt company.
And Gary Hirshberg, the
founder of that organization,
is the most successful organic
entrepreneur in the world
because that company was just,
well a couple of years ago,
partly taken over
by Group Danone.
But the nature of the
deal that Hirshberg
struck with Group
Danone enabled him
to stick to his promise of
continuing to use only the best
ingredients that
promote human health,
to continue to help
struggling New England dairy
farmers to survive,
and to pioneer
environmental stewardship.
And he's stuck with that
after having been taken over
by a major, publicly
traded company.
That's a hard thing to do.
There are a lot of
companies I can show you
where, after the
acquisition, it's
really hard to continue to
deliver on these values.
But they've done it.
>>How long can that kind of
oversight last as a rule?
>>Well, like I said, it
had to do with the deal
that he struck.
So he made it a requirement.
He said, you know, we
have to do it this way,
and we have to continue because
this is what we are about
as a company, and we
cannot abandon our core.
Otherwise, I would
just turn this away.
I don't want your money.
So that was a requirement.
So they are contractually
obligated to let
the company continue to
help versus harm society.
It's really amazing.
So Stonyfield will continue
to deliver the absolute best
yogurt you can buy, the
absolute best ingredients that
are healthier than
any ingredients
that you can find in
any of the major brands.
And Gary will
continue to campaign
and to crusade and to
convince more consumers
to vote at the checkout.
That's a very important thing.
>>This brings up a
very large topic.
It's endemic to the natural food
industry now that companies--
I won't name names.
This is not designed to
make anyone look bad.
>>Let me name names.
>>Large corporations
are taking over
these beautiful little organic
and natural food companies.
>>I know.
It happened to Odwalla.
>>And for decades
literally to grow.
And then finally, it's
time for our payoff.
We have been working our
tails off for 20 years
to get this thing
up and running.
It's attracted the
money and attention.
And like you say,
the deal usually
isn't structured in such a way.
So the consumer is often
duped into thinking
that they are supporting
a natural food company,
when in fact it might be Disney
Corp. or M&M Mars bars or--
>>Well, there are
a couple of things
that I have say about that.
First of all, I
think it's terrific
that M&M Mars Corp.
or Disney owns
a small, little, precious
company because that means
they're going in
the right direction.
That means they're
investing in a trend that
is the most important business
trend, I think, in existence.
That is so positive
for this movement.
I hope that that
happens more often.
Having said that,
it is very typical
that when a company
is taken over,
its senior staff is replaced.
It happened at Ben and Jerry's.
It's happened to a
lot of companies.
Ben and Jerry's was
taken over by Unilever,
and Ben Cohen left.
And actually the
CEO was replaced.
So management was replaced.
So basically what happens
in an acquisition,
and it's up to the
lawyers, and it's
up to the owners of the company
to sort of grapple this out.
But oftentimes,
you lose control.
And when that happens,
operations change.
And that's a negative trend.
See, because what these big
corporations don't realize
is that the reason
the company is
so valuable in the first place
and an attractive acquisition
is not just because
of its brand identity.
Its brand identity is driven
by a business philosophy.
Now, when you change the
core, the brand image
is gonna catch up.
And you're going to see
changes in the marketplace.
And that's happened.
It's happened with Ben
and Jerry's sort of.
They're doing extremely well.
But I mean, a lot of
people are going, gee,
are they going to change?
How is Unilever going to
handle the social, the sort
of soulful aspects
of the company?
Will that go away?
And so people are
still watching to see
what's going to happen
with that company.
I think it will be very
interesting to watch.
I mean, they've done
a reasonably good job.
I have to tip my hat to them.
And I also have to say that,
when a company like Starbucks,
a different example.
Even if Starbucks only offers 5%
of its total coffee assortment
as fair trade, that
makes a huge impact
because of Starbucks' power.
So that's actually, I think
it's a positive trend, not
a negative trend,
that big business is
getting involved in this.
I hope more big businesses
get involved in this.
>>Are you beginning to see
a shift in the philosophy
where it's not, as
you said earlier, just
to cash in on a
developed brand name,
but really maybe a
new type of leadership
emerging that's
looking to carry forth
the original soul, the
intent of the company?
>>Yes, absolutely.
I think that more companies
are waking up to the fact
that this is more than just a
superficial image-based trend.
And that's what it's
criticized, and how
it's characterized
by a lot of people.
That's not the case.
Because what's going on is
in the system of capitalism
there are two trends.
First, you have an
increased demand for--
And people are
really watching out
for errors of
corporate judgment.
It's becoming a lot harder
to get away with wrongdoing.
And people are demanding more.
When I say people, I mean
shareholders, consumers,
the press are demanding
more from companies in terms
of integrity, transparency,
responsibility.
They're demanding
a lot more today
than they did 10 years ago.
That's interesting.
That's a demand in
the marketplace.
So supply and demand,
companies have to address that.
At the same time, you have
companies like Stonyfield, HP,
a huge slew of companies
that are putting
their values into
action, that are behaving
in an ethical way, that are
transforming their behavior
and profiting from that.
They are outperforming their
competitors in the marketplace.
So put those two
trends together,
and what does that say?
This is not an image-based,
superficial movement.
I mean I really think
this trend has legs.
>>Tell us the story of HP.
You just brushed past
them a moment ago.
>>Well, HP is interesting.
That is a company going through
some major transformation
right now.
What people don't know is that
that's a company very heavily
invested in what's
called microcapitalism.
Microcapitalism is
about going into areas,
well for HP it's about
going into developing
areas of the world
and helping to raise
the socioeconomic status of
the people who live there.
So what HP has
done is it's gone,
we're going to help to
close the digital divide.
The digital divide really
separates the rich people
in society, who have access to
all these great technologies,
from poorer people, who have
no access to any technology.
So that gap is getting
bigger and bigger
as technology advances.
So they have gone
into these areas,
like Kuppam, India, South
Africa, South America,
all over the place.
And they have
engineered technology
that meets the needs
of the local people.
They've enabled those people
to join the global economy,
to become entrepreneurs,
to raise themselves
above the poverty line.
So it's not a charity
program, where
they are handing out money.
They're giving people the tools
to become self-sufficient.
In doing that, they're
expanding their global presence.
So that's an interesting case.
It's an aspect of the company's
long term growth strategy.
>>The company, I always want
to say ebiza, but it's Eziba.
>>Eziba.
>>I find this interesting.
I always look forward
to their little catalogs
being plopped
through the mailbox.
Tell us about Eziba
because that seems
to have a very high degree
of global connectivity to it.
>>They absolutely do.
I love that company.
They are so sweet and adorable.
And I love the founders,
Amber Chand and Dick Sabot,
who I was lucky enough to meet.
>>Let's talk about this
whole phenomenon of people
shopping from catalogs at
home and perusing the world
at their fingertips.
>>They really brought cultures.
What that company
does, first of all,
is it markets, as
you said, products,
artisan made products,
that are made
by some of the poorest
people in the world.
So you can get these wonderful
baskets made by Hindu people
or people from different tribes
or people from remote areas
that just don't have
the ability to sell
their products to a
global marketplace.
So they've created this
virtual global marketplace,
as if you would go into bazaars
if you were in areas of Mexico,
or any area in the world,
Africa, all over the place,
they enable--
I'm completely
tripping over my words
right now so you
have to edit the--
--they enable people to shop
from these global bazaars.
And that's what they've created
is this global marketplace
for products made
by the hands of some
of the poorest
people in the world.
And it's a really
neat idea because they
are supporting ways of life
and preserving cultures really.
>>How does the notion of
global community figure into--
Is there a common
thread, I should
say, with all these
businesses, that
might run through the
notion of global community
because everything,
certainly every corporation
has to be looking for expansion.
>>They do.
And global community and
globalization, people
may define those as two
very different things,
but they're
connected, of course.
The more companies reach
people from all over the world
and touch people from
all over the world,
the more it's within
their best interest
to help people from
all over the world.
So that's why those two
trends are connected.
It's really interesting.
So for instance, Eziba
operates with the principle
that talent is just as
abundant in the developing
areas of the world as
it is in Silicon Valley.
And all that's needed to
unleash that potential
is the right environment.
So that company's
creating the environment,
and people from
all over the world
are benefiting from that
creation of that environment.
So it's very interesting.
Companies need, at this
point, to think globally.
They have no choice.
They're already doing
it in a business sense.
But they're also realizing
that the more they harm society
and the environment
through their activities,
the more in the long run
they risk harming themselves.
>>So would you say that the
corporate world is really
in a leading edge
position to show us
how global community can be
developed in a healthy way?
>>Yes.
And you know what's so ironic?
Is that the corporate
world is responsible for so
many of the world's
problems and so much
suffering that goes on
within these very areas.
And it's so ironic
that they happen
to be the best positioned
entity to do something
about that to stop
those problems.
I think that corporate America
has a better set of tools,
the capabilities, the
power, the influence
to solve some of
the worst social
and environmental
problems that exist.
I think they're better poised
than any nonprofit group,
any government entity.
I think when you put the
power of corporate America
behind some of those
trends or to work
for some of those
problems rather you really
see progress a lot faster.
>>So, as consumers, what
is our part in seeing
that this trend
is moved forward?
The thing is, and I'm
not a perfect consumer.
I totally admit.
We have to open our eyes.
We have to realize that
there's a high price that's
paid for low cost goods.
We have to realize that every
purchase we make actually
does make a difference.
And we also have to
understand that you
don't have to radically reinvent
your life and become a hippie
and not buy anything
in order to do well.
I mean, if you made one
or two different choices.
If you're shopping
for a car, get one
with better gas mileage.
Why not?
OK, if it's between
two, pick the one
that gets better gas mileage.
If you haven't started
recycling, start to recycle.
I mean, you can do little
things in your personal life
that add up.
But we do have to be conscious
when we're in the grocery store
and embrace brands that
are embracing this movement
because that is the
missing element.
If we don't have consumers
aware and active,
this won't go anywhere.
And it really needs to.
>>So ultimately,
we have the power.
We hold the power.
Even though people
feel powerless
against the corporate
world at times--
>>That's right.
>>--we still hold the power.
>>That's a myth.
It's a myth that
the corporate world
is the most powerful entity
on the face of the earth.
That's not true.
The consumer is by
far because whatever
we say we want they
have to give us.
They have to listen.
They have no choice.
They rely on us in
order to make money.
So if enough of
us stand together
and say, enough or we're
going to embrace this,
they are gonna follow
like little puppies.
That's the truth.
>>Christine's book Cause
For Success is a must
for any business person
looking to blend consciousness
with profits.
I think you'll find these
corporate stories deeply
inspiring.
Check it out at Christine's
website causeforsuccess.com.
By the way, Christine is
busily working on an expansive
follow up to this book.
We'll revisit the subject as
she nears her publishing date.
Until next time,
thanks for watching.